Dannydevs pt 2: Ch. 7 edits (#118)
MystenLabs/move-book: book/src/move-basics/importing-modules.md

{{#include ../../../packages/samples/sources/move-basics/importing-modules-two.move:module_two}}
```

> > Reminder: Any item (structs, functions, constants, etc.) that you want to import from another module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Reminder: Any item (struct, function, constant, etc.) that you want to import from another module
```
...or "Any items..."

> must be marked with the `public` keyword to make it accessible outside its defining module. For example, 

> > the `Character` struct and the `new` function in module_one are marked public so they can be used in module_two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the `Character` struct and the `new` function in `module_one` are marked public so they can be used in `module_two`.
```
